Spruce up the Wrangler NPM README a tad (#7271)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: packages/wrangler/README.md

## Quick Start

To get started quickly with a new project, run the command below and follow the interactive instructions:

```bash

> npx wrangler init my-worker

Reviewer: the instructions in https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/get-started/guide/ use `npm create cloudflare@latest -- my-first-worker` rather than `wrangler init`. i'd suggest using the same command here as in the guide. is there a reason you went with `init`?

Author: I was leaning towards `wrangler init` because this is the README specifically for the Wrangler package, and it felt like introducing C3 at that stage might be overcomplicating? Happy to change though

```

For more info, visit our [Getting Started](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/get-started/guide/) guide.

## Documentation

For the latest Wrangler documentation, [click here](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/).

To read more about Workers in general:

- [Getting Started](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/get-started/guide/)
- [How Workers works](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/reference/how-workers-works/)
- [Observability](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/observability/)
- [Platform](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/platform/)

## Configuration:

> Wrangler is configured via a `wrangler.toml` file in the project root. `npx wrangler init` will generate a simple configuration file for you:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wrangler is configured via a `wrangler.toml` file in the project root. An example configuration generated by `npx wrangler init` or `npx create cloudflare` is as follows: 
```

```toml
name = "my-worker"
main = "./src/index.ts"
compatibility_date = "YYYY-MM-DD"
```

For more detailed information about configuration, refer to the [documentation](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/configuration/).

## Commands

> ### `wrangler dev`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Workers
#### `wrangler dev`
```

Start a local development server, with live reloading and devtools.

> ### `wrangler deploy`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `wrangler deploy`
```

Publish the given script to Cloudflare's global network.

For more commands and options, refer to the [documentation](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/commands/).

> ## Pages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Pages
```

> ### `wrangler pages dev [directory]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `wrangler pages dev [directory]`
```
